0. Chair Welcome (3mins)
1. LEO Satellite vs. Cellular Networks: Exploring the Potential for Synergistic Integration (15 mins) 
Presenter: Bin Hu, USC ; Feng Qian,Tiktok
Abstract：Low-Earth-Orbit (LEO) satellite networks, such as Starlink, are transforming global network connectivity by bringing Internet access to remote and underserved areas. However, the current coverage and performance of the LEO satellite network service compared with those of cellular networks are under-explored. In this work, we present a measurement study of the Starlink LEO satellite network in comparison with cellular networks, aiming to uncover the potential for synergistic integration. Through a large-scale data collection campaign and in-depth analysis, we (1) identify the performance characteristics of two Starlink configurations, (2) evaluate the coverage of the current Starlink deployment compared to major cellular carriers, and (3) investigate the potential benefits of enabling multipath using both LEO satellite and cellular networks.
2. Handover behaviors of LEO satellite networks and impacts on the transport-layer protocols of the Internet (15 mins) 
Presenter:  Jianping Pan, University of Victoria, BC, Canada 
Abstract：Low-earth-orbit (LEO) satellite networks need to deploy hundreds and even thousands of satellites in different altitudes and inclinations above the earth to provide global coverage with sufficient capacity, in addition to the ground infrastructure such as satellite gateways and points of presence, so frequent handovers between user equipment, satellites and ground stations are expected, even for stationary users. In this talk, we briefly introduce our work on measuring handover behaviors in SpaceX's Starlink and Eutelsat's OneWeb, two leading LEO network providers currently, examine the impacts on network and particularly transport-layer protocols and applications, evaluate possible mitigations, and discuss the issues that IETF may play a role as well.
3. Satellite Transmission Requirements Challenges (15 mins) 
Presenter: Tianji Jiang,  China Mobile
Abstract：Satellite Internet is becoming increasingly popular and has been well applied in basic communication and video-on-demand services. However, emerging potential scenarios are placing higher requirements on satellite networks, such as metaverse. We have summarized the network requirements (bandwidth, latency) for future potential applications and analyzed existing transport layer optimization technologies for satellite networks, such as multipath, encoding, protocol, and congestion control algorithm optimizations. We suggest that it is necessary to pay early attention to satellite scenarios, conduct research, and establish standards to prevent the issue of non-interoperability among various proprietary optimizations.
4. Open Discussion (10mins)
5. Chair Summary (2mins)
